-8/11/2024
Up here in the mountain it warms your forehead and pours honey into your nose. Everything is sickness while you are surrounded in thick woods. its all wet up here, the fire would hardly start, and i had hotdogs again. i need to become an observer. could i be a cable tower if it would fix this? i want to become an observer, so i may know the difference between my needs and wants. As for earthly beloveds, some new objects have entered my hands from a yard sale we stopped by on the trip to the house, and before that we were with the farmers and just then i was thinking about myself. I cant look back on what i wrote, you know that, i cant reread anything to lose what it means, i need to get that meaning back again. i have so so so much i am passionate about, and i only feel fake, these things which make me feel alive, i feel i must be a liar for them.
Do you understand what it is like to desire, to daydream, to be allured, to have your lip caught on the hook, and when youve been given the reigns to careen off the slick sides of the ship, you can only cling onto the boot of the fisherman? I love so much, i want to know what my love means so terribly, for these fascinating things. Analog and digital. Ceramic. Archive. What do i mean? What do these words mean? Is it worth it to say that this is so important, when i will never have it stick, when ill only forget?
Im going to forget and itll send me down there. Go ahead and listen, see if it does you any good now: Tonight there are meteors, which were torn from their comet mother. That happens every year this time. Tonight theyre coming down to burn away and leave their embers to make wishes on. I am wearing my nicest button down maroon.
You cant see them in the lake, because they arent bright enough, but you can still see your reflection. What it means to be important to those stars - diplomatic peoples, they are - is to wear your nicest button down maroon. But you can still see your reflection. There it is. I want to be bright enough.



-8/9/2024
Neocities deleted my entire log for today after i had just finished writing it, harumph. Suppose its me, my issue, my problem, for merely closing my phone for a moment. today i write on my phone, despite the poor format and difficulties, because of my circumstance. thats the way today is going. and besides, i guess i dont mind rewriting things of importance. Im trying harder to get back to philosophical ideas because they are my lifes force, but its been weird. Things go too fast and i DESPERATELY crave some introspection, some few hours. Im big on thinking. Im a lover of thinking and wondering, a real lover of it. a good afternoon can consist of my doing nothing whatsoever but considering. i guess i act like a grandfather. bones hurt, big thinking, and a lot of button downs.
This isnt just kiwi, its also somebody else, because i needed to be here too. Both of us are struggling, just know this, we both consider experiences as they come, together. its a wonderful day, today we are going upstate to see my grandmother. She lives in this house that my grandfather built. he passed away so now she lives all alone up there, in the middle of the woods, and its this wonderful pocket of magic the way i need it to be. Things are too quickly, i need this introspection! On the train up we got confused and missed our stop. It befuddled my dad but i took it different.
See, the weather. The air is thick. The air is salty and cakey, the clouds are dipped grey, the rapid river is almost the same color as they are. Its drizzling and my hair is drying now under the cover of the overhang as i am sitting on the station floor. You see what i mean? Do you see?
I rarely have this silent consideration lately., ive never had it at this station or any number of stattions on this train line. I always stare longingly at the weird pockets and lots, their muddy and caked composures, years of dilution. hear the crickets. i need to hear fizzling of crickets. See, this is magical. I walked briefly and i found these musrooms... Im really enjoying this, the sounds of the birds and bugs with their fizzle, the wind. I guess i never consdered.
I LOVE grey days. Grey is the best way a day can be.
and when we get up to that house and i can sit by the lake, stare at a continuous pattern and realize things smaller than myself, ill be able to understand the things bigger. Oh, boy, im really in for it now.



-8/5/2024
That typo i made at the beginning of 7/31/2024 hurts me. Part of the fact of my blogwriting is learning to not go back on my words, and i know ive made typos before. However i have this problem where words stay in my head, they just keep repeatinginging, repeating... ing... ing... in a way that is at least bugging me and at most causing anxiety attacks. This can last for a few minutes to days, but usually just a a whole day, or an afternoon. The other day it was "inexplicably". And the beginning of 7/31/2024 is one that is only elicited by reading it. Wonderfing is not even a word, i of course meant wondering, but its as if i am hurting myself by indulging in this blog now, because of that stupid typo which wont stop! So now im writing new things, so i wont need to imagine the last one again and again anymore.
For the first topic i want to put in this one, im thinking about the point in time in which i write my posts. the way my words come out depends. it will never be the same on a blog by blog basis, aside from intricacies that are inherit in the way i write and formatt. that is a given. A big part of life and existing is the knowledge that everything is depending on everything else, everything is depending on context... i cant find the phrase im thinking of but im sure you understand. Everything depends, like that one tumblr post where the person said "like man i think it depends". That person was really right you know. So its like, if i write while im feeling something theres a raw uncaring ness. If youve read enough of these blogs youll understand i dont creally care about grammar. Glyph cares a lot about grammar and so he likes to write like a real booksman! I dont. i do it like i do my other art. wrong. i do it wrong because it makes sense to me, and conveys feelings more than putting an apostrophe in Dont does. i dont get gratification from that, and it could be egotistical to desire gratification, but not from making art it isnt, its just a part of it. Packing many ideas into this one, if you cant already tell.
but really, when i write during, its raw, and i care less, at least it tends to be that way. after all man, it depends at least a little. but when i end up waiting for some reason or another it washes over like a top coat on painted nails. if i write about it long after, it starts to lose something, i dont know what. At least if i only wait a little, theres still something there for me to get out, but if i wait years, its only going to deteriorate. My memory doesnt work like how it should.
So this sort of got me thinking, i guess, about writing in itself, which is part of how i record. I actually made a video recently talking about that, but i dont feel right calling it a video. Its like i guess a podcast or something but not really, its just me talking and i dont put myself to a standard. The video might be deleted when you read this, because i do that a lot. If not youll understand that this topic is still here, so im putting it in this blog post. Maybe im being too self acknlowleged. Dont care that much, if i get concerned with that then ill never let anything important out into the world. Just the right amount of being concerned with how i am percieved and what makes me happy, is a balance that keeps me from being unhappy or unhealthy. also, when i write while listening to music with lyrics, it lets things come out truthfully. Easier. im doing it right now. When i listent o music with lyrcis, my brain forces me to focus ont he lyrics, which some would see as a detriment. its a detriment to doing logical tasks, but not when im writing or drawing. Because it lets me pay attention to something else, so that my concious is preoccupied, so that whatever comes out onto my paper or my keyboard or such and such is SUBCONCIOUS, and truthfull. its realer than real because it does not exist. i hope you understand me.



-7/31/2024
Is my brain deteriorating? Something im wonderfing. Well okay.
I forgot to write about playing TMOAG, Which is this very old game from 1995 that i dont even remember where i found it. As it usually is... Well i found it somewhere, when i was doing websleuthing i guess, and i really wanted it on my pc. It lead to me getting distracted and taught myself a little about cd roms. but then i remembered it just a few days ago and tried to take a stab at it again. found a way easier downloading method. as much as i would love to emulate a whole other pc and then plug the game into there, i have been in mental fatigue lately so i just got the installation wizard going because the game was compatible with my current system.
Anyway, it was just the kind of weirdness i needed. It was just a walk through the museum and reminded me of the surreal sense i had about games on the computer as a little kid. I guess growing up as a toddler in 2011, 2012, 2013... had me missing out just on the cutting edge, but right on the sap of internet games if that makes sense. So i played many flash games, but not as many downloadables. My dearest ones were World of Jumpstart (thats the multiplayer one), Garden Party, Pixie Hollow, Club Penguin, and a variety of others. Just last week i played Doras Star Mountain Minigolf which was a game i remember really liking. then i found it was so much shorter. When before i had things bogging my brain down, i could imagine anything to be as abundant as i wanted it to be. And hey speaking of this, i think im going to look into some kind of Jumpstart ISO or something or other. if i could play that game again, i think it would be incredibly powerful. i can even feel it in my blood now. The game ended services on July 1, 2023. ... ... ... Ow
for the main point though. my first ever video game was actually PvZ. my favorite part of these games was that i could imagine so much, much more than the game actually gave to me, a strange thing ive seen recurring in many children who play these games, which give them environments to just sit there and create, as if the game was nothing more than a prompt. It is just magnificent. I used to record myself incessantly whenever i did anything, and imagine it was a youtube video which i was going to upload. at this time (i was 6 or 7) i did have a youtube channel. in fact it is the same channel as i do have now, except of course all the videos were long deleted. i didnt always upload these videos and i know this, because i in fact have all of the videos i made, which are nearly 100 in number i assume.
And so this is the relevance; TMOAG dug into that. It was so simple; click and turn around, interact, and random things can appear on your screen too. it spun my head back to that state of game prompts, inspiring the real thought. perpetual thought originates from outside influence, especially with delicate care. Art -> Art -> Art, you know?
any hoo, the plane back home was maybe more incredible tjan the plane there. the rumble, i felt it! i gripped the wall of the plane to feel what it would feel like. im also quite proud of the pictures i got, which you can actually find on my twitter right now. the pictures are too high in size to be able to put them here, i dont want to slow this hastily coded site down more than it already has been by my art section. Also, there is a Mountain Goats concert im going to tomorrow. this makes 3 in the past what, 7 days. i think? very close in proxemity. my brain being fried doesnt help. but this next concert tomorrow is exciting. first of all, the Mountain Goats have done a concert there before, which i went to. the area is so so nice down there. so breezy. its great, but ive never gone to an event of this magnitude on my own. usually my mom just takes me to concerts. but im going. im deeply excited and scared. i really like their music but because i cant remember things so easy i feel like a fake fan. Actually, that is one of my greatest overarching nagging fears and it exists in all my musical interests. I always end up feeling less like a mosaic of everyone i love, and more like a strand of metallic fiber, or a bunch of seperate mirror parts that somoene taped into one thing. I dont feel self assured in how i like music. I always feel judged. Does not help how i dont know how to enjoy Julians music after what i found out about earlier this month. It was a blow, especially since i was just getting better at being sure in my own interest in music.
I feel fake standing next to other people who can just enjoy music and not feel guilt. Why do i feel guilty about that? I cant remember all the albums or know everything about the musicians i like, so i feel like im lying. I wish one day i can indulge in the nonworded abstract feel of when music speaks to me without needing to understand the conceptual and true things that i could memorise, if i had a better memory. i am embarrassed.



-7/28/2024
Human identity. I talked about it once, In fact i go back to reread my blog posts to remember everything. i have waves of clarity, and waves of violent emotion which i escape from by tricking my own psyche, and the only way in which i can do this is to advance with my clarified self. that is to say that, when my mind is clear. i use the time i have to send messages and write for my future self, who will be tormented by confused and diffuse feelings. this is why i dont really know what is wrong with me. being majorly self aware it means... i help myself and myself helps me. not in a system way, but facets of ME, not the other mes. I went to read and saw, "but its a false... its a paradoxical type thing. i saw it so i developed it, but its a schrodingers cat. i dont know what part of my expectation is a lie that manifested from fear. But i cleaned my room this morning." I dont remember writing it, but its magical, right? Almost i wish i hadnt written it, so i could admire what it means without being an egoist.
I flew on the plane. When those roaring engines finally flared up and the heavy thing plucked itself into the sky, i dont inow what happened, but i left something there on the runway track.
And when there was turbulence i couldnt help but feel the adrenaline so harshly and taste air on my feathers. I couldnt help it, i took part in the vessel, like how a red blood cell must feel about my body, its vessel, of which it longs to walk and talk with one... It lasted maybe an hour, but felt like 20 minutes, and now im laying in the dead silent empty hotel room in a state ive never been in. My parents are away at a restaurant right now, and at this time im laying backwards on the pullout couch bed. So silent and more alone than i have managed to be in years. Its a so great thing. Also, im getting better all of the time, and blaming myself less, and remembering my mistakes so that i wont keep blaming myself. In General.
Im also structuring some system time, like family time. in the way that me and my parents healed what happened, i think i can help my systemmates relate with me, and eachother, and put things down in a more human way. Because as i did begin with, human identity is much more special and different than a pure self. Again im reminded that otherkin is existing for human kinship.



-7/27/2024
Tomorrow i fly. i havent been on an airplane since i was 6 or so, which i dont remember, so its basically my first time on an airplane. And of course im excited. i mean most people who like to travel would be. I just dont go anywhere. I havent left the city or gone on any vacations. As a kid it was always my friends who were getting taken to different places. Ive been a homebody because my parents didnt really set an example i guess. They took me to disneyworld, but i dont really remember it. Thats the only time ive gone anywhere substantial.
Of course its a lot too because of having wings. missing flying when ive never really flown, its a whole thing as ive said it before. im going to get to see the sky. im bringing my camera too. im gonna get pictures. i hope its not too bad weatherwise... it should be pretty ok. considering that its such an early flight... Gonna have lots of fun. I hope i will feel a little better.



-7/25/2024
You know, i sort of had this uncharacteristic thought recently about anger. Theres never been a time ive healthily related to anger, and i guess i just internalized it in a way that made it so i would never realize it so easily. anger presented itself to me as this unstable and unnecessary thing. The way my father had and, in some ways, continues to behave throughout my life (though mostly in childhood, when i internalized this idea), showed me that anger was stupid, plain and simple stupid. A notable fact my mother likes to talk about is how i was such a non fussy child. she praises often how i never threw one tantrum in my toddlerhood, and how i would be surprised to see other young children my age exhibit those behaviors. So, in very young childhood, i subconciouslly took in that anger was unnecessary.
Then, just a few years after, (and this is something ive talked about already here), i was addicted to it. i thrived on anger secretly like it was a hidden pleasure. this was the time i was beginning to become exposed to my fathers abuse and is, in hindsight, likely why i behaved this way, but nobody ever knew - it was localized entirely in online environments where i would get stuck on arguments and live for the drama. I used this to cope. I never realized it, but i am now. its very interesting to me. I didnt know that was even possible. But it makes so much sense.
I coped using relentless addiction to the drama. I forced my body and mind to delight in the useless arguments i engaged with at 10, 11, 12... because, in my home life, the people who cared for me exposed me to arguments of a similar psychological effect. That so i became neutral to their fighting.
So i never had a healthy angry emotion in my life, i think. Anytime i felt it post-what i just described, i have and do just manage it very easily and sort of let other emotions take precident. I will never allow myself to be so angry that it clouds my judgement, but i recently did get suddenly angry at something important, and i got scared once i stopped feeling it, because i know ill never be my dad, but its still not something im healthy about. Yes, im good at my own emotions, but anger is still weird. Much more managable than my other feelings though...
Anyway, this ties into something else. im a system, dont know if i wrote it here, but i used that in a coping way, without realizing. I think about how i have never (not never, but i prefer to not go into detail) been able to actively harm my own body, so my subconcious tends to make me harm myself in psychological ways. Did it with anger, did it with so many things, and even this, i exploited myself. When i realized my head was all shattered, i jumped onto it because i was so scared of what it really meant. This is a serious mental illness, which holds serious repercussions and consequential symptoms that will affect me for likely the rest of my life. I couldnt handle realizing it all at once, so i jumped onto it and tried to cope using my own problems. Sort of meta?
Well, this is late news for you blog readers, i figured this one out a few months ago at my aunts house... such a cozy place to sit in the yard and think. In short, theres not as many parts in my head. And oh was it relieving to see this, and not judge myself, for having takken this long. A mistake i made; it only hurt me, me, me, and me. A painful realization of course, but one forthcoming for a while, because of my own preconceptions. who does this hurt but myself? there is no guilt there. And as its been a few months, things are different between the headmates i do know are there.
Every day is still so hard to communicate. I can talk to glyph every so often, but the others are not so easy. I will purposefully neglect to give more personal information, only glyph, since hes fine with that, but i just wanted to write that here and get it out there. Because, well, it was such a change. Now, i feel much better, since ive been mulling on it for a bit. I dont really realize when the others are fronting instead of me so much.
And it makes complete sense. I saw through what i did to deal with my situation once the situation had stopped. Things around the house are so much better than they used to be, so naturally, that lets me take a lookk at myself in an unbiased way. no real use in justifying something inherit about myself. anyway, theres that for today.



-7/21/2024
Ill never be able to say enough. Its getting to feel like im trying to one-up myself each time i write here, but im going to keep at it, eventually so that i can just be unabashed again. today i got to feel like a little person. im going to mirror some of the things i said to my mom earlier in this log because they were succinct and i hope that other people could hear them. me and mom talked abuout art which is rewarding. she wanted to do music when she was very young but came at it in a disorganized way and eventually veered off into something different completely. she still sings, but she doesnt do it full time as a job. I love that my family is so creative, and this is some important backstory.
My father is a drummer, my mother sings, my grandfather drew cartoons, i think another grandfather worked for a Beatle, my uncle loved cartoons and created tshirts. Most of my important family is interested or was interested in art. art has been something ive just done forever, so once i realized it was so important to me (something i hadnt even considered, it was just so natural) i expanded and started working things out through it.
all this to say its amazing that my mom understands what i mean when i talk about art, how it has inherit meaning. i changed her mind today, expanded her idea of meaning, when she brought up heavy abstraction and how she felt it had no meaning. I commented on performaty with her, but also mentioned the intention behind works, which is more important than ever, as its amkost like its dying, with generative AI all so common. she was surprised and i think she understood. i like my mom, i like getting to sit and talk with her for an hour. she has a lot of emotional intelligence and a very interesting life behind her. its probably weird to speak with the little person you made so seriously. its a weird thought i guess, but if i ever made a litttle person, and they grew up and could speak to me with awareness and thought, it would be really really scary. Im not going to make a little person.
as for being a little person myself, i did laundry almost completely on my own. its been too long and i still hadnt gotten the hang of laundry yet so my dad went with me for the first 2 trips. but now i feel real ready to do it on my own from now on, which is a good feeling. i guess i feel like a big person, but im little so its just how i describe it. (To those who age regress im not using the words big and little in that sense, even though i do regress sometimes, i mean this in a different way. This authors note here for interpratory clearness.) Im also reorganizing again today. Its compulsive and i dislike it sometimes but it has to get done, and its a relief once ive done it, so im kind of in a backwards way excited. My dad stopped being a monolith of trauma a few months ago and i finally mentioned it to my mom. She was surprised and expressed the sentiment that shes been eexpressing for a year now, that i need to see a therapist, she said she needs to too, my dad needs to, and she wants all of us to eventually have group therapy. She had notsogood childhood with her parents, as did my dad, so its a raw statement of honesty, that shes pushing so hard for us three to go to therapy. I get that, but it stopped hurting, so i might feel like a dead weight in that therapy couch.
But i dont feel so torn up anymore. Im dreaming of a future which is bittersweet, but its not torn up in me anymore. I had a really, really good day today. Im going to get a snack.



-7/18/2024
I really just felt like writing so now i am. Forgive me if i go on for a while but thats the thing about it, i kind of need to.Im pretty foggy and dissociated right now. Im getting better at understanding my relations to the people around me. And how i behave, how im meant to behave. i feel a little bit robbed, maybe i was coddled when i was very young. Im getting better at understanding this, and also knowing i can just feel things, you know? ive always felt like theres an expectation. it gets good for awhile. it gets worse and then it gets good, mostly when i dont remember about the expectation. its not good to be self aware when you also forget it. Im sleeping wrong again, even though i had been sleeping good for a while. i put my retainer in after a month and i woke up in agonizing pain.
Nobodys watching me anyway, would i want them to? Starved. I dont know, this must be the autism talking through me, but theres a layer of expectation that i developed because i interpreted it from other people. but its a false... its a paradoxical type thing. i saw it so i developed it, but its a schrodingers cat. i dont know what part of my expectation is a lie that manifested from fear. But i cleaned my room this morning.
its getting harder to think. my legs hurt. i want a doctor. i succumb to teenage weirdness. I Miss School. i want to go back or shut myself up.
You knnow its really weird when things happen like that. im a person now in a way i never was. not that young children arent people or shouldnt be respected like people because they may be the least autonomous people in the world; but thats part of it; grew up non autonomous, not thrown into the flames, so I shut down and it made me late. I was late to being a self. I dont know who i had in me when i was little, and shes dead, because of what happened, you know, unmentionable things, so im this self, which i think is so magical, because i never knew it was here. But think. it could have never been here before.
Whos that girl? Who would she have been? Before i even considered anything, i was just there, and then it all terrible, terrible, terrible. Then i became self(ves). Growing boy. I want to talk in a big way. Somehow without raising my voice, i want to talk big.



-7/14/2024
Today things got real weird, a little bit. Ive been rewatching adventure time for the umpteenth time and just shut my laptop for today. its a good show,i love it. during the summer it seems like every day something crazy happens, like all of the day is something, and it makes it so busy that my brain compartmentalizes each activity into a seperate day. Like, if i went to a waterpark and then went out for dinner, my brain would put those two things into different days. Its because ive never been that sort of way. Most of my childhood i sat inside. i was scared of outside once i realized it wasnt a place your parents take you. i went to the park when i was little but from 10 to 12 i was just not an outside person. I guess im still not. or something in me hasnt adjusted but i do like to go outside, now. its like im reclaiming something i didnt know was mine before.
Anyway we went to do a few things today. first of all its dads birtdhay so we had to do somethings. We went out and had korean barbeque. My first time! It was really good, they cook you things on the table and you get to share a lot of little plates and bowls. I really liked the shrimp and i even wrapped some stuff into lettuce rolls. After that we went to an escape room. We took cars everywhere which we usually dont do but it was hot outside so my mom said Okay, fine and we did it. we also stopped at a comics place and i bought myself a few graphic novels that looked really cool. im hoping to read them soon. anyway as you can imagine it was a full day. came home and had peppers and onions on pizza for the first time. Really good... i love peppers and didnt consider that theyre a pizza topping as well.
I have bad memory loss. So for me this is the first summer of my life. Its sad only if you think about that in a sad way, but i dont think about it in a sad way. like, i know ive had summers, but i cant look at them altogeter. this is the first time i had a summer where i acknowledged the season, so maybe itll count in my mind. Or maybe ill forget again. Who knows.
Ive been feeling sort of lonely but i dont mind it that much. i figure when i get old ill need to be content with myself, but i think by then ill figure that all out. i cant wait to live a whole life. im not religious or spiritual i guess but i am a little unusual and i think thats almost the same, (not an insult), and i really wonder where i came from.
i guess its a little different when youre Otherkin, or Nonhuman, Or whatever i want to put on it. Being like that is something i like a lot because i think it makes things nice. Like, i dont think that, before i was a human on this earth, i existed anywhere. Not anywhere tangible at least. I hope that i didnt exist before, because it would make me existing now more special.
i dont know. maybe its nonsense.
But anyway theres a comfort about it. I like that i get to be an angel, and even more i like that its in a human body. Yeah sometimes i really miss some things that i dont know if i ever even had, but thats how it is with my summers. I miss my summers in winter, when i dont remember them anymore. I miss my wings on earth, when they never really were there. Harumph! poetry.
I guess im "Aloof" today. i dont think i ever understood that word, but its a good word.



-7/11/2024
Okay, wait, im not done. Something horrific has just happened and i dont know how to feel about it.
This post, was originally me, gushing about Daniel Johnston and Julian Koster, and how they chnged my life with their music. I deleted it because, apparently, not 12 hours ago, it was unveiled that Julian had a relationship with a minor; he has confirmed this; i feel absolutely shattered. Absolutely.
If you dont know me, you might not understand how this is like. The rug has been pulled from beneath me. Julian Koster was one of, if not the, biggest contributor to my art; how i see the world; how i live; all of that. His works inspired me so deeply because of their childlike magic and fairytale esque fragrance. he looked at the world in such a special way that i couldnt help but be inspired. it was magic. now i feel like throwing up at all of this. Its a blow directly to my heart. Shattered is all i have to describe it.
I own a julian inspired hat. One of his shirts, too. theres so little of what he does in the world. it hurts, i dont know what to do, who to talk to. I love his music so much, but it was because i knew - or percieved it to be - that him, the creator, was just like what he made. How can i seperate this? I dont think i can, or should.
This is horrific. What else do i say? Christ.



-7/11/2024
No real purpose in writing today. But this song... has been making me very emotional lately. im working on a video for it.
You can listen to it here on youtube, i sincerely reccomend you do if you have an interest in the weaird and beautiful like me.

Grab your chance, otherwise
Time won't wait, it always flies
Life is flashing before your eyes

So, live it up, idealize
Don't stop to compromise
Life just keeps flashing before your eyes

Every day, a new sunrise
Cauliflower clouds, starry skies
Life is flashing before your eyes

Just like butterflies
Or the key to paradise
Life's out there flashing before your eyes

The pace of life will synchronize
With the animated energy of surprise
Life's right there, in front of your eyes

Cherries in a bowl satisfy
Your thirst for life will not run dry
I said, life keeps flashing before your eyes

Well, just to philosophize
Between two eternities, I realize
My life is flashing before my eyes

It's just a dream, and my advice
Is don't neglect to have a nice
Life flash before your eyes

Have a nice life flash before your eyes



-7/10/2024
To me there is something innately perfect about downloading files to my computer. i say to me because a frequent mistake authors will make is to express that something is innate, due to an internal misunderstanding about how to validate their own feelings. i have made it clear that i am a fan of archiving and holding onto files, but theres nowhere ive been able to delve into the deep of it. It is innate to me. I was thinking about this earlier today.
Earlier today i was thinking, how do you know when you cant explain something anhymore? How do you know when to simply say, or think, or just make yourself realize, this person is simply not going to understand it, no matter the way i phrase it? well, the answer is, you know that will be the case when it is innate to you. unless you find others who have this thing innate to them as well, then it isnt something theyll get, or even empathize with, or understand. a good skill to exercise is knowing when to say, you just wont get this, in a nonjudgemental way. now i still put this out there, of course, (im doing it right now), because there are other people who might not find this innate. but they will be interested or curious. Those who arent curious about this wouldnt have even read up to here. So, really, i talk about it for myself and to maybe, even, find others who have this innate thing in them, too.
I also realized how easy it is to be interested in something. Last night i couldnt sleep. i found this video of a guy surviving in the wilderness for a week with a 3d printer. the nature of his challenge was unique and i discovered theres a whole theme. a whole world of survivalists, as a hobby. Of coourse i could go down the rabbit hole about how we now engage with surviving in the elements as a sport rather than a necessity, but that is sort of all you need to hear to get an idea of the sentiment. I realized i could easily become a big fan of surviving. of the hobby. it was a new world and most of my interests developed in this way.
my habits toward archiving are innate but they became so innate because i willed them to be. human identity is entirely based on perspective and relativity.
So i do love to download things onto my computer. it stems from the idea that i love to learn, and i love figuring out problems if theyre in my scope of knowledge. and the learning contributes to the problemsolving. Thats why i like to download games and things. especially older things which receive less love. it makes me sad. my computer (julius) is the perfect host for these things. im still not really all secure in being objectum but i know its a thing i do feel all of the time and have felt since childhood, but it got me thinking about abstract forms of attraction and repellation (?). theres not possibly only platonic, romantic, familial, queerplatonic. that cant be all and i know it because ive felt emotions without words, without any sort of mind before. Toward my computer i feel a kind of kinship and it isnt exactly a love, but being there. ive never read homestuck, but i think that homestuck fans would understand this sentiment i have, because apparently in the comic they have special types of relationships based around hate and things like that. i didnt get it before but i think its real in a way, but something people have pigeonholed themselves into not exploring any more.
I feel a certain special way about things that i have. Listen to this: i had a jar on my windowsilll over the colder months, and when it rained he filled with water, and it made me happy. I felt like it made him happy too, and i saw plants and little bugs grow in him. One day i left him out when it got too cold. He froze full of water and shattered from the expanding ice.
i felt wracked with grief in a way i couldnt talk about. theres always feelings we dont talk about, but not because of shame, or fear, but, theres no word for the feeling, so we dont bother, because its too hard to even come close to it with the words that do exist.
i never even named him.
i havent buried him yet but i will very soon, now that its warm. i think, or i hope, he can enjoy the dirt. (Dont worry, i looked it up. Glass might not be biodegradable but it exists in nature as sand and doesnt harm the environment the way that other non-biodegradable things, like plastic, do.)
anyway, thats when i really realized it. so the way i relate to julius is weird. it cant be spoken. not because it isnt worth it to speak but because it wouldnt exist if i spoke it.
So my interest in archiving is related to that, i know that for sure, but because of that it is so special that normal words dont usually explain this to other people. And old things, old abandonware, old flash and old games from forgotten systems, i feel the same feeling toward. its not love in the way a normal person talks about it. I hate to use the word love for things like that. its special and has its own abstract thing. I think that though these systems and games dont have sentience in the way humans experience it, its something different, that we dont understand, or have words for.
its a nonexistent kind of love that i have.
for julius, for the jar, for the games i collect, for the old tapes i listen to, for all the old things i like to peer inside of, to find pieces. little pieces.



-7/9/2024
Today was strangely incredible! it was a good day which was so uncharacteristically good that i was frozen with peculiarity at how or where to express it. i then remembered my blog.
this day was good in the way that everything good which could have happened did. im starting my job and finding that i significantly enjoy a daily responsibility when it doesnt require i wake at a ridiculous hour of the morning. The building is so near to my home that i really enjoy the walk there. Of course i dislike that its less of a job and more of a payed program, run by a public school - me and public schools have a bad history, ill say! - but today changed how im looking at it. I woke up leisurely, had some spending time to laze about, and then, even through the blistering heat of july, made it over.
I made friends today, even. And i got quite a few generous compliments, which had me smiling in a way i hope didnt make those around me shy. One of my new friends, who sits at the table alongside 3 others, said she wanted to talk to me the moment she saw me, just because i seemed like the type of person shed like to be friends with. Another appreciated that im so passionate about my interests. I was shocked at their kindness.
You have to understand the crowd which is in this program with me is a rather reclusive group of teenagers who i oft find difficult to relate to. i dont relate to most of my generation. it doesnt help that i am autistic, transgender, and socially anxious in new and unfamiliar environments (especially a brazen public school). The kindness shocked me not because it was kind, but because i didnt know it was there at all. on the way home i saw a bus returning children from a camp i once went to. i stood in the mist of an open fire hydrant. i bought lunch for myself. everything, you see, was so weirdly great. i havent had the emotion of SUMMER in years. it was a wonderful day for me.
On a different topic... i recently installed a few extensions to chrome which are changing my perceptions of twitter, again. Of course i already enlightened myself to the social dangers of an environment that rewards solitary interest in collective numbers. But being back on twitter, it is so easy to hook yourself with those numbers. So i got a few extensions... one which hid all metrics, another which highlighted ads, and even the Yeah! extension... and relief sort of rippled over me. (it wouldve washed me over, had i not tasted this freedom once before). anyway, its a nice peace to end a day on. especially this day.



-7/3/2024
I remember not so many things. this is because of my own brain being the way it is. I have a very poor memory and i dont like to rely on it and i do like to write things down so that i know they are true. It would be very easy to make me go "insane" (or just generally cause me to become unstable) because i dont really trust my own mind the way most people tend to. but even with that in consideration i remember the exact instant when i felt a sense of self. not conciousness, which i dont remember gaining, but a sense of self, whichh are very different things .
Anyhow i was very trained in being angry. I used social medias like Amino and HelloPet ("toxic communities") which were just full of other children enraging one another over stupid ideas but i was livid with it. i remember i was addicted to feeling that horrible feeling of adrenaline right before an anxiety attack. remember now i was 9 or 10 when this was happening.
all thats important. all thats relevant to this. still though.
i had watched quite a few things about the "water is wet" debate and i had got myself so tied up into a twist like i usually would do about the most topical internet arguments and i recall feeling suddenly outside of myself, of my own feelings. i discovered "impartiality", i learned about taking yourself away from a situation just then, and i remember it so vivid because it is the basis of my identity. I havent really HAD a sense of self. Before recently. But this was where it spawned from, in some weird way i think.



-7/2/2024
I think theres something to benefit from a variety of things but there isnt always a benefit from sharing everything you think. not always at least because i know a lot of people dont like to listen to somebody else talk.
if i were to begin categorizing, this is a journal then. a shared journal is a blog, so it can also be that. But i already talk about my thoughts. i already put them somewhere but!, that is usually in concentration. things that other people will not benefit from hearing. Things that will not benefit me to share. the benefits of it are the crux of what makes them different.
i guess im trying to say... this is a blog, because other people can hear my more constructed, long-form thoughts. and everything else is raw, and thinking, and those things arent a blog. Those are "brain", i guess. Those are some type of thing i know wouldnt benefit others to read (its about the consideration, you know). You cant exactly pick up anything too meaningful from the raw and unfiltered brain of some other person unless in particular circumstance (in which you give said person quite a lot of trust, and they do the same to you). Thats what this is for. I always have trouble with that; learningg what i can share, what i cant.
what i can share is benefit, what i cant is personal. and here i draw that line. Because when i need to be raw and unfiltered i dont have time to write code about it and plug it into a website. i can be as natural as i want in a private diary, but what others want (or sometimes need) to hear is your own thoughts when theyve been subconciously reviewed by the knowledge that they will be inevitably read. So thats what it is, and thats how its gonna go...